So march marches.
Concert, uh I mean recital.
Okay.
Okay. They're all more like classic... cal music?
Yeah, okay.
Bartòk? Oh, okay.
I'm not too familiar with
Bartòk. I know his name, but I didn't know what era has he was from.
Yeah.
How do you choose these pieces? Does your teacher tell you?
Like the audition.
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
yeah
Is, is Violin more competitive than
Viola? a lot more people doing. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
mmh. mmh.
Yeah, so. um
But... Yeah.
mmh, yeah.
yeah
Yeah. Yeah. Instrument.
Uh It took so long, huh. Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay. Yeah.
What made you choose viola over violin? Because you're
mom is Vio... Oh, your mom is Viola.
Ohhh...
Um um okay.
You ran out of fact? No? Okay. Okay.
But do you think you...
got into music more with the vio- viola over violin?
Not alarmed?
Wait, how did your interest...
Oh.
Oh yes.
i remember you um talking at yeah yeah it was with that one thing i got
like, Wow.
No, but I was like... I was uh...
That was really memorable for me because I'm like
Because I, I didn't expect someone your age...
You were new in middle school?
like middle school or even upper elementary or middle school
And I didn't expect Fujiko Hemming to be a topic.
I'm like, Wow, because I always saw her as an older lady.
With cats playing piano.
So that was like that that day
I forgot what everybody else said, but I will not forget what you said.
Do you think she was one of your inspiration into like I'm gonna pursue music?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
mmm-hmm
Yeah.
I know during COVID you were like...
Mastering pieces.
Yeah.
So you know how to play the piano too?
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.